

Self-Care While Drawing Quiz


1. Have you stood up in the last hour?
        (yes) very cool, good job
        (no) stand up for a minute or so and walk around 👍 when you come back you might also see some things in your art that you haven't before

2. Have you drunk anything in the last 2 hours? 
        (yes) congrats on staying hydrated!
    +   (no) Do you feel thirsty but haven’t wanted to interrupt your work flow so you didn’t get up?
            (yea, i guess) go drink water right now 🔫
            (not really) okay, but might as well grab some water to have near you just in case?

3. Have you skipped a meal while finishing your art and didn't realize it? 
    +   (oh, i guess so) are you hungry?
            (nah, i'm good) alright, stay aware of your energy levels though
            (a little bit) maybe grab a snack and take a moment to reflect on your progress in the meantime
            (actually yes now that I think about it) go make food or something, EAT
        (no, i already ate something) alright cool, just checking
    
4. Is it late at night? 
        (not yet) make sure to watch the time if you have anything important later, but otherwise keep drawing then 👌
    +   (yea) Do you have plans early tomorrow? 
            (ugh, yes) SLEEP or you're going to be miserable tomorrow (but if you're not going to because you're really invested and in a good workflow, at least consider the consequences)
            (i don't think so) cool, don't ruin your circadian rythmn though, try to sleep soon at least

5. Does your back hurt because you’ve been hunched over?
        (yep) i thought so, change positions or go sit at your actual working area. you're going to have back problems
    +   (nah i'm comfortable) Do you have pins and needles in any appendage or limb?
            (oh. yep) go take a break and go walk around and shake it out, you're probably cutting off blood circulation and that's very not good.
            (i don't feel anything) if you do later, make sure to take a break then okay? 

6. Have you been staring at a bright screen for too long and now your eyes kinda hurt?
        (yeah, i suppose) take a break and close them, or at least go look at something that's not online. you can take this time to go outside and touch grass.
        (nah) even if you're working traditionally or haven't been drawing for long, make sure to have enough lighting to not strain your eyes.
    
7. Is your drawing device dying?
        (oh, i didn't realize) go plug it in at least, and if you need to leave it there to charge go take a break anyway.
    +   (nope) Did you leave anything on before you started drawing and forget to turn it off, or were you in the middle of anything important before dropping it to start drawing?
            (oh shoot) yeah go do that. and take a quick walk around to stretch your legs while you're at it
            (don't think so) okay, but if you wanna go double check you should do that anyways

if you didn't close this quiz midway because you went to take a break or drink water or something, congrats for taking care of yourself during your drawing session 👍 also you probably should retake this quiz next hour if you're still drawing, good work so far though!





